Add docs for Kafka source and Kafka target (#1011)
triggermesh/triggermesh: docs/sources/kafka.md

# Kafka event source

> This event source acts as a consumer of a Kafka Cluster and forwards all messages it receives

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This event source acts as a consumer of a Kafka events and forwards all messages it receives
```

> This event source acts as a consumer of a Kafka Cluster and forwards all messages it receives
> after wrapping them in a CloudEvent envelope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This event source acts as a consumer of a Kafka events and forwards all messages it receives
as CloudEvents'.
```

## Contents

- [Kafka event source](#kafka-event-source)

>   - [Contents](#contents)

Reviewer: looks like you mistakenly added this line

  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)

>   - [Creating a Kafka Source with SASL-PLAIN](#creating-a-kafka-source-with-sasl-plain)
>   - [Creating a Kafka Source with Kerberos-SSL](#creating-a-kafka-source-with-kerberos-ssl)

Reviewer: I think we should break it into sub sections, like so:

```suggestion
  - [Creating a Kafka Source](#creating-a-kafka-source)
      + [SASL-PLAIN](#with-sasl-plain)
      + [Kerberos-SSL](#with-kerberos-ssl)
```

    - [Status](#status)

## Prerequisites

A running Kafka cluster.

## Creating a Kafka Source with SASL-PLAIN

> 

Reviewer: A short description here would be useful. Something of the sort, "This section demonstrates how to configure a `KafkaSource` to use SASL-PLAIN authentication."

```yaml
apiVersion: sources.triggermesh.io/v1alpha1
kind: KafkaSource
metadata:
  name: sample
spec:
  groupID: test-consumer-group
  bootstrapServers:
    - kafka.example.com:9092
  topics: 
    - test-topic
  auth:
    saslEnable: true
    tlsEnable: false
    securityMechanism: PLAIN
    username: admin
    password:
      value: admin-secret
  sink:
    ref:
      apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1
      kind: Broker
      name: default
```

## Creating a Kafka Source with Kerberos-SSL

> Before to create the KafkaSource, we are going to create some secrets that KafkaSource will need for the authentication with Kerberos + SSL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before creating the `KafkaSource`, we are going to create some secrets that the `KafkaSource` will need for the authentication with Kerberos + SSL.
```

> Before to create the KafkaSource, we are going to create some secrets that KafkaSource will need for the authentication with Kerberos + SSL.

Reviewer: Some brief description here too..

```console
kubectl create secret generic config --from-file=krb5.conf
kubectl create secret generic keytab --from-file=krb5.keytab
kubectl create secret generic cacert --from-file=ca-cert.pem
```

> 

Reviewer: Please indicate to the reader what these secrets are.

```yaml
apiVersion: sources.triggermesh.io/v1alpha1
kind: KafkaSource
metadata:
  name: sample
spec:
  groupID: test-consumer-group
  bootstrapServers:
    - kafka.example.com:9093
  topics: 
    - test-topic
  auth:
    saslEnable: true
    tlsEnable: true
    securityMechanism: GSSAPI
    kerberosAuth:
      username: kafka
      kerberosRealm: EXAMPLE.COM
      kerberosServiceName: kafka
      kerberosConfig:
        valueFromSecret:
          name: config
          key: krb5.conf
      kerberosKeytab:
        valueFromSecret:
          name: keytab
          key: krb5.keytab
    sslAuth:
      insecureSkipVerify: true
      sslCA:
        valueFromSecret:
          name: cacert
          key: ca-cert
  sink:
    ref:
      apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1
      kind: Broker
      name: default
```

> The following *ARE NOT* optional and without them the adapter will not deploy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to configure the adapter correctly the following fields are mandatory:
```

> - boostrapservers
> - topics
> - salsEnable
> - tlsEnable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `boostrapservers`
- `topics`
- `salsEnable`
- `tlsEnable`
```

> ### Status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Verifying
```

KafkaSource requires secrets to be provided for the credentials. Once they are present it will start. Controller
logs and events can provide detailed information about the process. A Status
summary is added to the KafkaSource object informing of the all conditions

> that the source needs.

Reviewer: I think you should start with listing the command here, fe.

```console
kubectl get kafkasources
... SAMPLE OUTPUT....
```

Then follow up by indicating where to look in case the status is not READY. If the issue is with the secret, the logs will indicate this right?

Author: yes, if the secret is not created, the user can check the events to see an error related with that, that's already noted in the doc:

KafkaSource requires secrets to be provided for the credentials. Once they are present it will start. **Controller
logs and events can provide detailed information about the process**

metadata:
  name: sample
spec:
  groupID: test-consumer-group
  bootstrapServers:
    - kafka.example.com:9093
  topics: 
    - test-topic
  auth:
    saslEnable: true
    tlsEnable: true
    securityMechanism: GSSAPI
    kerberosAuth:
      username: kafka
      kerberosRealm: EXAMPLE.COM
      kerberosServiceName: kafka
      kerberosConfig:
        valueFromSecret:
          name: config
          key: krb5.conf
      kerberosKeytab:
        valueFromSecret:
          name: keytab
          key: krb5.keytab
    sslAuth:
      insecureSkipVerify: true
      sslCA:
        valueFromSecret:
          name: cacert
          key: ca-cert
  sink:
    ref:
      apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1
      kind: Broker
      name: default
```

In order to configure the adapter correctly the following fields are mandatory:

- `boostrapservers`
- `topics`
- `salsEnable`
- `tlsEnable`

### Status

KafkaSource requires secrets to be provided for the credentials. Once they are present it will start. Controller
logs and events can provide detailed information about the process. A Status
summary is added to the KafkaSource object informing of the all conditions
that the source needs.

> When ready, the `status.ready`will be True.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When ready, the `status.ready` will be True.
```
